README.md, before:

Portal
======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/workarounds/portal.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/workarounds/portal)

This library has the base architecture for making Facebook's chathead like UI. Though drawing over other apps is becaming a common feature, there are no good guides or libraries for easily implementing this behavior. This library intends to be a good usable API for developing such applications. We have consolidated all the effort and experience gained from making the [Define](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.workarounds.define) app. The feature set this library offers is not yet exhaustive. But this would be a good starting point.

### Using the library
The library is hosted in jcenter
gradle dependency:
```
compile 'in.workarounds.portal:portal:1.0.2'
```
License
-------

    Copyright 2015 Workarounds

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

add link to define in readme

README.md, after:

Portal
======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/workarounds/portal.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/workarounds/portal)

This library has the base architecture for making Facebook's chathead like UI. Though drawing over other apps is becaming a common feature, there are no good guides or libraries for easily implementing this behavior. This library intends to be a good usable API for developing such applications. We have consolidated all the effort and experience gained from making the [Define](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.workarounds.define) app. The feature set this library offers is not yet exhaustive. But this would be a good starting point.

The sample in the project is more for testing purposes than demonstration. Do have a look at the source code of [Define](https://github.com/workaounds/define) to see how this library can be used effectively in a production app.

### Using the library
The library is hosted in jcenter
gradle dependency:
```
compile 'in.workarounds.portal:portal:1.0.2'
```
License
-------

    Copyright 2015 Workarounds

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
